what is Emmet?

Emmet is a web development tool that speedup the process of writing HTML and CSS code.It provides a short hand syntax for writing markup 
and allows developers to generate complex code.

Example:'ul>li*3>a' gives an unordered list of three list elements.

what is the difference between library and a framework?

A library is a collection of prewritten code modules or functions that provide specific functionality.Developers can use libraries by inlcuding them in their 
projects and invoking the relevant functions or methods when needed. Here the developers have more control over the flow and the code structure.They can be easily
integrated into any project.

Example: React.

Framework is a structured software environment which provides and foundation for building applications.It has its own set of rules,conditions and tools
to help developers create their applications.Developers build their applications within the framework's structure,following its conventions and utilizing its features.
Here the code structure and flow is under the control of Framework.

Example: Angular

what is CDN?why do we use it?
CDN stands for content delivery network.It is a distributed network of servers located in differenct geographical locations,
designed to deliver web content more efficiently to users.

CDN's are used to optimize content delivery,improve website performance,reduce latency,and ensure the availability of web content by caching and 
distributing it across network of servers located strategically around the world.

Why is React known as React?

React, the JavaScript library for building user interfaces, is known as "React" due to its core concept of reacting to 
changes in data.The name reflects the fundamental principle behind React's design and functionality.

one of the key features of React is its use of a virtual representation of the user interface called the "virtual DOM" 
for faster changes on DOM.Its name reflects the reactive nature and component-based philosophy that underlies the library's 
design and functionality.


what is cross-origin in script tag?

cross-origin refers to situation where a page or a script loaded from one origin is trying to access resources which are
available on other origin.By default same origin policy to restrict javascript code from accessing and manipulating resourcesfrom different
origins.But by using cross-origin attribute in script tag we can enable cross-origin resource sharing.this helps in importing different libraries 
in to our project and use them.

what is the difference between React and React DOM?

React and React DOM are related but distinct entities within the React ecosystem.

React is a core JavaScript library for building user Interfaces and managing their state,while React DOM
is a package that facilitates rendering React Components into the DOM for web applications.
React DOM serves as a bridge between React and web browser allowing React components to be displayed as HTML elements 
on a web page.


what is the difference between react.development.js and react.production.js?
react.dev.js is used when the application is in development and debugging phases.It provides a 
non-minified and human readable version of React library.It provides additional warnings and error messages 
to identify and diagnose the issues in the code.The file size is large comapared to prod file.

react.production.js is used for production purposes mainly focuses on reducing file size and increasing
performance.It is a minified and compressed version of React library.It removes development specific features like 
warnings,prop type checking and runtime validation.It's file size is small and this minimizes the javascript
payload delivered to client.

what is async and defer?

how the website loads internal/external scripts using script tag to displays content is through of HTML parsing
HTML parsing has 2 steps 
HTML script fetching and then executing

when the html parsing is going on line by line and of the script tag with

async attribute comes then the scripts mentioned in that tag is fetched parallely with html parsing and
after fetching the scripts the html parsing stops then scripts are executed and the parsing resumes.

defer attribute comes then the scripts mentioned in the tag is fetched parallely with html parsing and 
and after completing of the html parsing the scripts are executed.

if no attributes are mentioned in the script tag the html parsing stops as soon as the script tag comes and the scripts
are fetched and executed and the html parsing resumes.


